Readthedocs cleanup (#5767)
osquery/osquery: docs/wiki/deployment/debugging.md

}
```

> In this example, I've added a C-style comment which [used](https://github.com/osquery/osquery/issues/1689) to be allowed in boost 1.58, but was deprecated and removed in 1.59. To be future-proof, stick to the JSON specification and do not include comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example contains a C-style comment which was allowed in boost 1.58, but is deprecated and removed in 1.59. To be future-proof, stick to the JSON specification and do not include comments.
```

First person voice seems weird to me
